About the job
Requisition ID: 173669

Job Level: Entry Level

Home District/Group: Kiewit Equipment Services

Department: Equipment

Market: Corporate Home Office

Employment Type: Full Time

Position Overview

As an Entry Level Equipment Planner, you will support Regional Construction & Mining operations. This position is responsible for the planning, scheduling, budgeting, utilization and reliability of a construction and mining equipment fleet. The position will deal with day to day as well as long term issues related to an equipment fleet. The position’s main focus will be to improve equipment reliability as well as implement, monitor, audit, and manage preventative maintenance programs.

District Overview

Kiewit Equipment Services (KES) helps to ensure the profitability of Kiewit projects through the improved equipment utilization and mechanical reliability by delivering world-class equipment and service.

Location

One of the many things that makes Kiewit’s culture unique is that we go where the work is, which exposes your career to abundant opportunities. We relocate our teams based on the work that is available, combined with the development plans, skill sets and career goals of each team member. This means your Kiewit adventure is custom-designed to meet our shared needs.

The successful candidate will be based in the following locations for up to one year of employment and then will relocate across Canada as needed.

 Burnaby
 Calgary


Responsibilities

 Understand and comply with all federal, state, and company health, safety, and environmental requirements
 Material handling and procurement
 Create and maintain tool/filter lists and documentation
 Inspections of equipment and parts
 Logistics management and communication
 Long/short range equipment planning, scheduling, and budgeting
 Planning and paperwork processing to prepare for critical lifts
 Use reliability and failure analysis data to increase equipment availability and reliability
 Establish and maintain communications between all levels of supervision and management
 Support of craft maintenance technicians – ordering parts, manage inventory, schedule crews, and manage quality and safety
 Specialty projects as needed


Qualifications

 Has obtained an undergraduate AS/ BS degree in Diesel/Automotive Technology, Heavy Equipment Technology, Mechanical Engineering Technology, Construction Management
 1+ year of experience with equipment is preferred
 1+ year of experience with equipment planning, scheduling, and budgeting is preferred
 Strong work ethic – Willing to do what it takes to get the job done
 Strong organizational, time management and communication skills
 Strong attention to detail and ability to focus on multiple projects at once while prioritizing tasks
 Willingness to travel and relocate as required
 Willingness to work in both office and field environments
 Knowledge of CAD modeling programs is preferred
 Ability to freely access all points of a construction site or equipment yard in wide-ranging climates and environment


Other Requirements:

 Regular, reliable attendance
 Work productively and meet deadlines timely
 Communicate and interact effectively and professionally with supervisors, employees, and others individually or in a team environment
 Perform work safely and effectively. Understand and follow oral and written instructions, including warning signs, equipment use, and other policies.
 Work during normal operating hours to organize and complete work within given deadlines. Work overtime and weekends as required.
 May work at various different locations and conditions may vary


Base Compensation: $75,000/yr - $85,000/yr

(Actual compensation is subject to variation due to such factors as education, experience, skillset, and/or location)

We offer our fulltime staff employees a comprehensive benefits package that’s among the best in our industry, including top-tier medical, dental and vision plans covering eligible employees and dependents, voluntary wellness and employee assistance programs, life insurance, disability, retirement plans with matching, and generous paid time off.

We believe in equal opportunity in employment practices without discrimination and comply with all laws regarding human rights in the provinces where we operate.